Lee la siguiente conversación entre Veronica y Adam, sobre cómo crear tu perfil profesional. Repite si es necesario.

ID: abreviación de identificación (identification).

Bienvenido o bienvenida a Platzi!
Veronica: Hello?
Adam: Hi Veronica! This is Adam, from Platzi’s Human Resources team. How are you?
Veronica: Oh, hi Adam, it’s nice to hear from you again. I’m doing great. How about you?
Adam: I’m doing well. I have good news! Your job interview process is complete. Congratulations and welcome to Platzi!
Veronica: That’s great news! I’m so happy I got the job. I think it is a wonderful opportunity, thank you, Adam. What’s next?
Adam: I’m going to ask you some questions so we can create your company ID.
Veronica: Okay!
Adam: Let’s get started. What is your full name?
Veronica: My full name is Veronica Williams.
Adam: How do you spell your name?
Veronica: That’s V-E-R-O-N-I-C-A W-I-L-L-I-A-M-S
Adam: Got it. Let’s go with the next question: What’s your date of birth?
Veronica: I was born on August 21st, 1990
Adam: Okay, last question: What is your national ID number?
Veronica: My ID number is 2136787690
Adam: I’ll confirm, it’s 2136787690. Is that correct?
Veronica: Yes, it’s correct.
Adam: Great! I have one more question. What’s your favorite color?
Veronica: My favorite color is black.
Adam: Great, that’s all the information I need. Do you have any questions for me?
Veronica: Yes, when is my start date?
Adam: Your first day will be next week, on Monday. You will receive an email later today with more details.
Veronica: I’m excited! Thanks for the call Adam!
Adam: I’m happy to have you as part of the team. I hope you have a nice day, talk to you soon!
Veronica: See you soon! Bye!


Control de lectura
Responde la siguiente pregunta según corresponda.

What information is necessary for Adam?

Veronica’s full name
Veronica’s personal ID number
Veronica’s favorite color
Respuestas control de lectura
Todas las opciones son correctas. Ahora, responde la siguiente pregunta.

What other personal information does Adam need?
¡Comparte tu trabajo en la sección de aportes!

Ejercicio sobre información personal
Entra en el siguiente enlace y resuelve la actividad. Las respuestas están al final del archivo.

Your Personal Information - Practice Worksheet
Contribución creada por Andrés Guano (Platzi Contributor).